d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\Droid_Rest1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\Droid_Rest1.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\Droid_Rest1.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\Droid_Rest1.Droid_Rest1.apk
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\Droid_Rest1.Droid_Rest1-Signed.apk
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\Droid_Rest1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\Droid_Rest1.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\Droid_Rest1.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\Droid_Rest1.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\bin\Droid_Rest1.Droid_Rest1.apk
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\mscorlib.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.Core.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.Xml.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.Data.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.Transactions.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\Mono.Data.Tds.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.FileSystem.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Services.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\Mono.Android.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\mscorlib.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Core.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Net.Http.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Xml.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Runtime.Serialization.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.ServiceModel.Internals.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Data.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Numerics.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Transactions.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\Mono.Data.Tds.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\Mono.Security.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.IO.Compression.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.IO.Compression.FileSystem.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.ComponentModel.Composition.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Web.Services.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Xml.Linq.pdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\Droid_Rest1.dll.mdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\Droid_Rest1.dll.mdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\Droid_Rest1.dll.mdb
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\bin\Debug\Droid_Rest1.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\linksrc\Droid_Rest1.dll.mdb
