d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\Droid_Rest1.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\netstandard.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Data.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Numerics.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Transactions.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Data.Tds.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Security.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.Compression.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.Compression.FileSystem.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Security.SecureString.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Web.Services.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Droid_Rest1\Droid_Rest1\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
